## Python_Projects
###Wear_Time.py
This program is meant for use with the .csv output of the Actigraph GT3X accelerometer, which quantitatively records physical activity counts every 10 seconds. The data in the .csv file is sorted by user, and each user is identified by the "ID" variable.  For each user, the data are arranged chronologically, with date indicated by the "Date" variable.

Before this data can be converted into metabolic equivalents, non-wear time must be identified and filtered out at the scientist's discretion. This Python code allows the scientist to identify sequences of consecutive 0 counts in the "Vector Magnitude" variable (here renamed as "vm") of the data. For example, if the subject removed the Actigraph from 11am-1pm, there would be a string of 720 consecutive 0's (one every 10 seconds for 2 hours). If the scientist defines "non-wear" as one hour of 0 activity, this macro will identify all strings of at least 360 consecutive 0's. The macro allows the scientist to choose whether each day is treated as a separate monitoring period or all days for a user are treated as one continuous monitoring period.

The output of this macro is a .csv file with one variable named "Wear" which codes "0" for non-wear and "1" for wear. If the scientist defines "non-wear" as a duration of 0 activity that exceeds the amount of data available for a specific monitoring period, then the macro will print a message to the user and output a value of "2" for that monitoring period. The scientist can then combine the output file with the original to filter the data as desired.